The Mozambique Special Convention is truly outstanding for so many different reasons.
One thing that has made this convention unique is that we have so many courageous
brothers who have been in prison for their faith from Angola, Korea, Malawi, Zimbabwe,
and from some of the countries in Europe who had to really stand up and set an example.
And to have them all here with our courageous Mozambique and brothers has made this convention
so special.
It is very encouraging to be at this special convention.
We have spent 10 years in the re-education camps along with our brothers from Malawi
and we are at the same camp and today we are together at this special convention.
It's very encouraging.
In 1990 I was judged and condemned to 15 months of prison in Paris.
We were about 100 brothers in prison.
They tried to shame us but thanks to Jehovah we had courage.
Today this beautiful convention fills us with even more courage.
I was one of the brothers saving us a bicycle career during the ban,
delivering literature long distances.
It was a difficult week because the police were searching for us.
Jehovah blessed us with courage, giving us a heart without fear.
Because of our Christian neutrality, we were imprisoned.
Although it was a difficult time, Jehovah gave us courage to endure.
And now we are here together.
We really thank Jehovah for that.
I was arrested and sentenced to six years in prison.
Despite all these difficulties, today I feel very happy, I feel very encouraged.
At this convention we released the Greek scriptures in Sua and Sena.
Thank you very much Jehovah for this wonderful provision.
I will surely use it while speaking about Jehovah's name in Sua.
We are so happy to have this Bible in Sua language.
It's easy to read and it will improve our family worship.
Those are the first two local languages in Mozambique to receive any part of the New World Translation.
So it was a very exciting day.
This convention was tied into 18 locations in Mozambique.
A total of 1,685 were baptized.
I have faith in Jehovah and want to have a close relationship with them.
Many have commented on the fact that among the 981 that were baptized in Maputo,
there were many young ones.
And it just shows that the families here in Mozambique are working very hard with their young ones
to help them to know Jehovah and love Jehovah and to know what it means to be courageous.
To organize a special convention in Africa requires a lot of work and a lot of planning.
But you could truly see the blessing of Jehovah here because everything has gone so beautifully
and the delegates are so happy.
You can really feel that Jehovah's spirit is with us.
Before the work was banned in Mozambique, we used to sing to Jehovah.
At the camps, we continued to sing joyfully.
Now with the special convention, we continue to sing to our delegates.
Many of the delegates commented that the favorite part of the convention was going out in the
ministry with the local brothers. Even though the brothers may have very limited resources,
they showed them tremendous hospitality. It made a huge impression.
Some of the delegates even said that when they go back, this is going to have a life-changing
effect on them. We want to assure these dear brothers and sisters that the governing body
loves them. But greater than that, Jehovah God knows about them. He loves them. He's supporting them.